Copyright (C) 2014, GreenSocs ltd.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses>.

Linking GreenSocs code, statically or dynamically with other modules
is making a combined work based on GreenSocs code. Thus, the terms and
conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole
combination.

In addition, as a special exception, the copyright holders, GreenSocs
Ltd, give you permission to combine GreenSocs code with free software
programs or libraries that are released under the GNU LGPL, under the
OSCI license, under the OCP TLM Kit Research License Agreement or
under the OVP evaluation license.You may copy and distribute such a
system following the terms of the GNU GPL and the licenses of the
other code concerned.

Note that people who make modified versions of GreenSocs code are not
obligated to grant this special exception for their modified versions;
it is their choice whether to do so. The GNU General Public License
gives permission to release a modified version without this exception;
this exception also makes it possible to release a modified version
which carries forward this exception.
